Add legend title font properties (#19304)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/legend_title_fontproperties_kwarg.rst

Font properties of legend title are configurable
------------------------------------------------

> Title's font properties set via the ``title_fontproperties`` keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title's font properties can be set via the *title_fontproperties* keyword
```

> Legend now has a title_fontproperties kwarg
> -------------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Font properties of legend title are configurable
------------------------------------------------
```
Better have a semantic title than a technical one

The title for a `.Figure.legend` and `.Axes.legend` can now have its

> title's font properties set via the ``title_fontproperties`` kwarg, defaults 
> to ``None``, which means the legend's title will have the font properties
> as set by the :rc:`legend.title_fontsize`. Through this new kwarg, one
> can set the legend's title font properties through either FontProperties
> or dict, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title's font properties set via the ``title_fontproperties`` keyword
argument, for example:
```
This description should only give the user an idea about the new feature. Details like supported formats and defaults are not relevant here. They can be looked up easily using the links above.

.. plot::

    fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(4, 3))
    ax.plot(range(10))

>     ax.legend(title='Points', title_fontproperties={'family': 'serif'}, title_fontsize=22) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ax.legend(title='Points', title_fontproperties={'family': 'serif', 'fontsize': 22}) 
```
As discussed below, I wouldn't allow `title_fontproperties` and `title_fontsize` simultaneously.
